Update overview.md (#6213)
harness/developer-hub: docs/cloud-cost-management/4-use-ccm-cost-optimization/Commitment-orchestrator/overview.md

---

# Introduction to Commitment Orchestrator

> :::info

Reviewer: Attempting to standardize on the white note for the FF notes.

https://harness.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOCS/pages/21544468526/Harness+documentation+style+guide#Admonitions-(Notes)

> :::info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
```

> Currently, Commitment Orchestrator is behind the feature flag `CCM_COMMORCH` and `CCM_COMM_SETUP`. If you want to try out this feature, please reach out to the CCM team. We would love to work with you and take feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Commitment Orchestrator is behind the feature flags `CCM_COMMORCH` and `CCM_COMM_SETUP`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
```
